---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/handyscript/handyscript
---

#title
Handy Script

#description
A set of useful **`Javascript`** modules that extends the javascript **`core`** context.

#extra
  ::list
  - **Intuitive** and **easy to use**.
  - **Fully tested** with **100% code coverage**.
  - **+7 JavaScript Modules** been extendedm with more than **100+ functions**.
  - Implemented 2 ✨ **new modules**, **[**Matrix**](https://handy-script.netlify.app/modules/handy-types)** and **[**HashMap**](https://handy-script.netlify.app/modules/handy-strings)**.
  - **Implemented in TypeScript**.
  - **Fully documented**.
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - npm install handyscript
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=logos:typescript-icon}
  #title
  TypeScript Support
  #description
  HandyScript prioritizes strong TypeScript support, fostering a more robust and maintainable codebase, and provides better tooling support. Developers can confidently use HandyScript in TypeScript projects, taking advantage of both the language's expressiveness and the library's additional features.
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:acclaim}
  #title
  Unified and Accessible API:
  #description
  HandyScript aims to simplify usage by providing a unified and easily accessible API. Developers can leverage the extended functionalities without the need to import each method individually, streamlining the development process and reducing boilerplate code.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:apps-filled}
  #title
  Comprehensive Standard Library
  #description
  HandyScript expands the JavaScript standard library by introducing additional methods and functionalities across various data types. The library covers arrays, strings, numbers, objects, JSON, math operations, and dates, providing a comprehensive set of utilities for developers.
  ::

  ::card{icon=fluent-emoji:glowing-star}
  #title
  New Modules: Matrix and HashMap
  #description
  HandyScript introduces two new modules, Matrix and HashMap, expanding the range of data structures available to developers. The Matrix module facilitates operations 	on matrices, while the HashMap module provides functionality for working with key-value pairs in a hash map, offering solutions for more complex data scenarios.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ph:codesandbox-logo-bold}
  #title
  Clean and Readable Codebase
  #description
  Handyscript maintains a clean and readable codebase, adhering to best practices and coding standards. The code is well-documented, making it accessible for developers who want to understand, contribute, or extend the library. This commitment to code quality promotes collaboration and ensures that the library is maintainable and scalable over time.
  ::

  ::card{icon=fluent:people-community-20-filled}
  #title
  Community-Centric Development
  #description
  Handyscript embraces a community-centric development model, actively seeking contributors and fostering an inclusive environment. Through comprehensive documentation and open channels for engagement, the project aims to build a diverse community. This collaborative approach encourages users and contributors to play a vital role in shaping the library's evolution, ensuring its relevance and sustainability in the JavaScript ecosystem.
  ::
::
